PAUL LEWIS: Right, so
I got quite a lot done
at [? Blincon ?] in
between all the talks
and chatting to everybody
else and all that stuff.
So this is just me
wanting to catch you
up to where I've actually got to
by this point, which is mostly
that a lot of the very
basic styling is in place.
And I think I mentioned
right at the start
that I will design
desktop first and then--
build mobile first.
So, what I tend to do when
I'm actually building,
you see it on the screen.
I do have a little bit more
work to do around this,
but you know, this is
what it is at the moment.
I actually quite like
working this way just
because I find it pretty fast.
You can use the
responsive-- the device
toolbar and responsive
mode in that.
I actually find that I
get on pretty well by just
dragging the window
out, in and out.
And I will start with
the 320 normally,
because that tends to be
the size of an iPhone,
and that's where
I tend to start.
And basically drag
out until it breaks,
and then add in the break point.
You probably see there
are a couple of specific--
there's one break point
now, where we go from--
the new releases go from being
a two by two grid to a four
by one grid.
And the descriptions start
to appear just beneath.
That's a bit tight,
isn't it, actually?
Nonetheless, it works.
It's just about
there, just about OK.
You see as well that this
little marketing type
blurb that I added in is also--
there you go, that
switches there, as well.
So I just basically
have been working my way
through the breakpoints
and just going,
yeah, that looks about right,
yeah, that looks not so good,
or whatever.
The other thing that's pretty
cool is the color scheme stuff.
I mean, I mentioned this
before that I was going to--
I the code that
did the median cut.
Yeah?
If you haven't seen that, I
think that was number three?
Entry number three?
Feel like it is three,
maybe it was two.
Three.
Two.
Three, three, OK.
If I-- let me just
grab my style and if I
say, text content
on the style, you
see here that I actually
have a lot of inline styles
for the home page.
I should say that,
just for the home page.
Because when you
hit the home page
I want to make sure that the
styles are ready to go really
quickly because that's where
I think most people are
going to land on the site.
For the other pages, I actually
put the styles in as a link,
but for the home page
I do it inline so
that it gets there pretty fast.
And there's a difference
in what's sent inline, just
for the home page,
and what I put
for the whole app, or chunks
of the app, into the links.
But it is our way to do it.
So anyway, I've got a
lot of set up styles here
that's just designed to get you
up and running really quickly.
But at the end of that--
and Devtools doesn't
show it actually.
It truncates, if you see here.
It puts the ellipses,
dot dot dot.
So you actually have to
ask for the text content.
You can see here, I bake out
the primary color as background,
as color.
And I do the same for the
light color, a secondary color,
a tertiary color,
and a quaternary.
And those come from that
code, the median cut code
that I mentioned in
the previous episode.
So I'm baking those
into the page.
And then, when it's something
like the title here,
I can say that the title should
be the primary light color
as a class.
Now, I would have much preferred
to use custom CSS variables.
You know, dash
dash primary color,
and then just set
that in the CSS
based off what I
perceive these to be.
I can't do that because they're
not supported everywhere,
and they're not easily poly
filled as I understand.
But in any case, it felt
like I just couldn't quite
get there to use them yet.
So that's why, if you're
wondering why I've not
popped it in as a CSS variable.
That's why.
Just because compact, mostly.
And that's it, really.
So, as I say-- oh,
here's this little bit
of a thing going on here.
When you roll over
these images, I just
do a little bit of a scale,
and there's a little shadow
that pops out just beneath.
That's a pseudo element that
I just fade and slide down.
That's it.
A bit of opacity and
a bit of a transform.
You've heard me say,
probably too many times,
but I feel like
you can never say
too many times, except for
when I say it too many times.
That if you stick to
transform and opacity,
performance will be pretty good.
I have a little transform
and opacity thing,
let me just rephrase this.
Watch the poster image here.
A little face and zoom.
Fade and zoom.
Opacity and transform.
Scale and opacity.
I think nice little
touches like that,
I think, they're fun to add and
they add quite a lot of life
to what you're building.
But just showing you the coolest
thing, if I go to this one,
you see it's picked out
the purple colors, which
is not a surprise when you
look at that photo, is it.
And I have way more
to do here because all
I've got at the moment
is the description.
There should be the
make available offline.
We should have being
able to Chromecast,
all sorts of things.
So I've got loads of
work to do, but the kind
of very, very basic
styling is now
in place, which is fabulous.
So take a look around.
The code will link to it
the description below,
and I'll catch you well,
next time on it, eh?
Yeah.
Brilliant.
I'm going to stop talking now.
How many times can I
sign off this video?
One more?
Yes.
Toodaloo.
Hey, folks, thanks for watching.
Don't forget that
there is more content
that you can find over
here-ish, and if you
want to subscribe there's
probably a button I don't know,
maybe there.
Maybe somewhere around there.
Click that if you've
not done that.
Brilliant.